## Make tutorial  
GNU Make tutorial for my personal use. All examples and notes based off of
[swcarpentry's tutorial] (swcarpentry.github.io/make-novice). Notes have been
taken in passing and for the most part, have been lifted verbatim from the
source. Not claiming IP!  
#### What is Make?  
GNU Make is a tool which can run commands to read files, process these files in
some way, and write out the processed files. It is a *build* tool - tracking
the dependencies between the files it creates and the files used to create
these.  
A more esoteric description would be that Make traverses an acyclic directed
graph of dependencies in building specified targets with customized rules, and
performs necessary tasks if any dependency has been updated more recently than
the corresponding target has.  
#### Why learn Make?  
Make can be used in implementing reproducible research workflows, automating
data analysis, and combining text with figures to produce reports.
Furthermore, the fundamental concepts of Make are common across many contemporary
build tools.  
#### Key points  
Disclaimer to future me: these points were compiled as encountered. Please
disregard the particular order in which they appear.  
+ Lines starting with `#` are comments.
+ A *target* is a file to be created.
+ A *dependency* is a file needed to build or update a target. Targets may have
zero or more dependencies.
+ An *action* is a command to build or update the target using its dependencies.
For example: `python countwords.py books/isles.txt isles.dat` is an action.
+ A *rule* consists of a target, its dependencies, and the associated action.
+ A *tab* (NOT a space) needs to begin the line succeeding the targets and
dependencies. The action goes in this line.
+ Makefiles do not have to be called `Makefile`. To make using a Makefile with
a different name, simply use: `make -f <file_name>`.
+ `up to date`: Makefile has a rule whose target is up to date.
+ `Nothing to be done`: Makefile either has no rule for the file, or the rule
has no actions.
+ A *phony* target is a target with no real dependencies. It is not a file we
are building or compiling, rather it is just a target which should trigger
the Makefile on every occassion. These targets are used to perform useful
functions - most notably `clean`, which, as the name suggests, would remove
autogenerated target files.
