## Tutorial  
Disclaimer to future me: these points were compiled as encountered. Please
disregard the particular order in which they appear.  
### Lesson 1 - Intro  
+ Lines starting with `#` are comments.
+ A *target* is a file to be created.
+ A *dependency* is a file needed to build or update a target. Targets may have
zero or more dependencies.
+ An *action* is a command to build or update the target using its dependencies.
For example: `python countwords.py books/isles.txt isles.dat` is an action.
+ A *rule* consists of a target, its dependencies, and the associated action.
+ A *tab* (NOT a space) needs to begin the line succeeding the targets and
dependencies. The action goes in this line.
### Lesson 2 - Makefiles  
+ Write rules as `target: dependencies`.  
+ Makefiles do not have to be called `Makefile`. To make using a Makefile with
a different name, simply use: `make -f <file_name>`.
+ `up to date`: Makefile has a rule whose target is up to date.
+ `Nothing to be done`: Makefile either has no rule for the file, or the rule
has no actions.  
+ A *phony* target is a target with no real dependencies. It is not a file we
are building or compiling, rather it is just a target which should trigger
the Makefile on every occassion. These targets are used to perform useful
functions - most notably `clean`, which, as the name suggests, would remove
autogenerated target files. Prepend the `.PHONY` tag before declaring these
targets, so that make knows not to confuse them with a directory/file.
```make
.PHONY : clean
clean:
  <insert action>
```
+ Note that the order of rebuilding dependencies is *arbitrary*, so they are not
necessarily built in the order listed. Furthermore, since dependencies must form
directed acyclic graphs, a target cannot depend on a dependency which itself
depends on the target. (phew, long one)  
### Lesson 3: Automatic Variables
